PromptEngineeringChatbot> python PromptEngineering.py

Initializing ThinkingLLM (this may take a moment)...        

================================================================================
Test Type: general
Question: What makes a good leader?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 - Understanding the question: What makes a good leader? - Breaking down key
components: Leadership, character, skills, and experience - Clarifying the
question: What makes a good leader who can inspire and motivate people? -
Providing a clear answer: A leader who has a strong character, a proven track
record of success, and a deep understanding of their team's needs.  Example: A
company is looking for a new CEO. The CEO is asked, "What makes a good leader?"
Breaking down key components: Leadership, character, skills, and experience  1.
Leadership: The CEO needs to have the ability to inspire and motivate their
team. They need to have a strong personality and be able to connect with their
team members on a personal level.  2. Character: The CEO needs to be a role
model for their team. They need to have strong values and a commitment to doing
what is right for their team.  3. Skills: The CEO needs to be able to lead their
team through complex challenges. They need to have a deep understanding of their
team's needs and be able to bring together the right resources to overcome
obstacles.  4. Experience: The CEO needs to have a proven track record of
success. They need to have experience in leading a successful team and in
developing and executing strategies.  Clarifying the question: A leader who has
a strong character, a proven track record of success, and a deep understanding
of their team's needs.  My answer: A leader who has a strong character, a proven
track record of success, and a deep understanding of their team's needs. This
includes having a strong personality, commitment to doing what is right for
their team, ability to lead their team through complex challenges, and proven
track record of success.

Generation time: 12.16 seconds
================================================================================

Press Enter for next test...

================================================================================
Test Type: general
Question: How does weather affect people's mood?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1) I'll start by looking at the given text material and noticing the key
components of the question. These could be "weather affects people's mood," "how
does weather affect people's mood," or "how weather affects people's mood." 2)
I'll then break down the key components into smaller sections to make the answer
more concise and clear. For example, if the question reads "how weather affects
people's mood," I'll break it down into "how does weather affect people's mood,"
"weather affects people's mood," and "how weather affects people's mood." 3)
I'll provide a clear answer by stating the answer clearly and concisely. For
example, if the question reads "how weather affects people's mood," I'll answer
"weather affects people's mood by influencing their emotions and moods."  For
example, let's say I'm asked, "How does weather affect people's mood?" 1) I'll
start by breaking down the key components of the question. 2) I'll break it down
into smaller sections. 3) I'll provide a clear answer.  Answer: Weather affects
people's mood by influencing their emotions and moods. This is because weather
changes the physical environment in which people live, work, and play. For
example, a cold winter day can make people feel more anxious and depressed,
while a hot summer day can make people feel more energetic and optimistic.
Similarly, a thunderstorm can bring rain and lightning, which can create a sense
of calmness and relaxation, while a lightning strike can be frightening and
unnerving. In summary, weather affects people's mood by influencing their
emotions and moods, and this is why weather is considered a significant factor
in human behavior.

Generation time: 11.94 seconds
================================================================================

Press Enter for next test...

================================================================================
Test Type: analysis
Question: Compare electric cars vs traditional gasoline vehicles
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Facts and context: - Electric cars are powered by rechargeable batteries,
which are charged using electricity from the grid. They are primarily used for
short-distance travel, such as commuting, errands, and city driving. - Gasoline
cars are powered by internal combustion engines, which are fueled by gasoline or
diesel. They are primarily used for long-distance travel, such as long-haul
trucking, freight, and passenger transportation.  Important relationships and
patterns: - Electric cars have a shorter range than gasoline cars, typically
100-300 miles on a single charge. This is because electric cars rely on a larger
battery size, which can store more energy. - Electric cars also require more
charging infrastructure than gasoline cars. This is because electric cars need
to be charged overnight, while gasoline cars can be fueled during peak driving
hours.  Possible implications: - Electric cars have some advantages over
gasoline cars, such as lower emissions and improved fuel efficiency. However,
they also have some disadvantages, such as higher upfront costs and limited
range. - Electric cars can be a more affordable option for some consumers,
particularly those who live in areas with low charging infrastructure. They also
have the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, although this is not a
direct benefit for consumers. - Electric cars can also be more convenient for
some consumers, particularly those who work in urban areas and do not have
access to charging infrastructure. However, electric cars can also be more
expensive to maintain and operate over the long term.  Conclusion based on
analysis: - Electric cars have some advantages over gasoline cars, such as lower
can be a more affordable option for some consumers, particularly those who live
in areas with low charging infrastructure. They also have the potential to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions, although this is not a direct benefit for
consumers. - Electric cars can also be

Generation time: 12.49 seconds
================================================================================

Press Enter for next test...

================================================================================
Test Type: analysis
Question: What are the impacts of social media on society?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  1) Key facts and context: Social media has been a game-changer in our society,
revolutionizing the way people communicate and interact with each other. The
impacts of social media on society are numerous and far-reaching.  2) Important
relationships and patterns: Social media has become an essential part of our
daily lives, with many people spending hours a day on various platforms. It has
also become a way for people to connect with others, both locally and globally.
However, the impact of social media on relationships is mixed. On the one hand,
it has facilitated the formation of new relationships, as people are now more
likely to meet people they would never have met otherwise. On the other hand, it
has also led to an increase in online harassment, cyberbullying, and other forms
of social media-related abuse.  3) Possible implications: The impact of social
media on society is significant, with several implications. First, it has led to
a decline in face-to-face communication. Many people now prefer to communicate
through social media, which has led to a decline in face-to-face interactions.
Second, social media has led to an increase in anxiety and depression. Many
people are spending too much time on social media, leading to a decline in their
mental health. Third, social media has led to a decline in traditional forms of
communication. As people are more likely to communicate through social media,
traditional forms of communication, such as phone calls and in-person meetings,
have become less popular. Fourth, social media has led to an increase in social
inequality. People who have access to more resources, such as money and
technology, are able to participate more in social media activities. Fifth,
social media has led to a decline in civic engagement. Many people are not
participating in politics or other civic activities due to the ease of accessing
social media. Sixth, social media has led to an increase in cyberbullying and
online harassment. People are more likely to engage in online bullying and
harassment due to the anonymity

Generation time: 14.42 seconds
================================================================================

Press Enter for next test...

================================================================================
Test Type: problem_solving
Question: How would you organize a small community library?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1) What are the given elements? - A community library - Five books - Three
shelves - The books are organized alphabetically - The library is small (two
floors)  2) What approach should I take? - Prioritize the tasks - Plan the
library layout - Create a budget - Hire staff  3) What steps will lead to a
solution? - Research the budget and find ways to cut costs - Hire a staff member
who is knowledgeable in organizing shelves - Consider using cubes or shelves
with dividers - Prioritize the books by their importance to the community  4)
Let me verify my answer - I will create a budget and hire a staff member who is
knowledgeable in organizing shelves - I will prioritize the books by their
importance to the community - I will consider using cubes or shelves with
dividers to save money  Conclusion: I hope this helps! Let me know if you have
any other questions.

Generation time: 6.54 seconds
================================================================================

Press Enter for next test...

================================================================================
Test Type: problem_solving
Question: Design a simple recycling system for a small office
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 1) What are the given elements? - A small office - Recycling bins - A small
office printer  2) What approach should I take? - Conduct a feasibility study -
Choose a recycling system based on the given elements  3) What steps will lead
to a solution? - Conduct a feasibility study to identify the most suitable
recycling system based on the given elements - Choose the most suitable
recycling system  4) Let me verify my answer: - Conduct a feasibility study -
Choose a recycling system based on the given elements - The most suitable
recycling system is to use a recycling bin for paper and a recycling bin for
plastics.  Conclusion: - Design a simple recycling system for a small office - A
recycling bin for paper and a recycling bin for plastics - The most suitable
recycling system is to use a recycling bin for paper and a recycling bin for
plastics.

Generation time: 7.29 seconds
================================================================================

Press Enter for next test...

Average generation time: 10.81 seconds